Fully support casting string with timezone to timestamp [databricks] (#12598)
NVIDIA/spark-rapids: docs/additional-functionality/advanced_configs.md

<a name="sql.castFloatToIntegralTypes.enabled"></a>spark.rapids.sql.castFloatToIntegralTypes.enabled|Casting from floating point types to integral types on the GPU supports a slightly different range of values when using Spark 3.1.0 or later. Refer to the CAST documentation for more details.|true|Runtime
<a name="sql.castFloatToString.enabled"></a>spark.rapids.sql.castFloatToString.enabled|Casting from floating point types to string on the GPU returns results that have a different precision than the default results of Spark.|true|Runtime
<a name="sql.castStringToFloat.enabled"></a>spark.rapids.sql.castStringToFloat.enabled|When set to true, enables casting from strings to float types (float, double) on the GPU. Currently hex values aren't supported on the GPU. Also note that casting from string to float types on the GPU returns incorrect results when the string represents any number "1.7976931348623158E308" <= x < "1.7976931348623159E308" and "-1.7976931348623158E308" >= x > "-1.7976931348623159E308" in both these cases the GPU returns Double.MaxValue while CPU returns "+Infinity" and "-Infinity" respectively|true|Runtime

> <a name="sql.castStringToTimestamp.enabled"></a>spark.rapids.sql.castStringToTimestamp.enabled|When set to false, disable casting from string to timestamp on the GPU.|true|Runtime

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<a name="sql.castStringToTimestamp.enabled"></a>spark.rapids.sql.castStringToTimestamp.enabled|When set to false, this disables casting from string to timestamp on the GPU.|true|Runtime
```

Author: Will post a follow-up PR to fix.
